Collect the python file along with the yml file in demisto-sdk pre-commit (#3744)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

  * Fixed an issue where integrations / automations with a dot in their name would be saved with an incorrect file name (For example: `Test v1.1.py` would be named `Test v1.py`)

**Note:** Due to the optimization changes made to the **download** command, playbooks might be formatted a bit differently than before when downloaded from the server using the new version. The playbooks should however function and work the same.

> * Fixed an issue in the command demisto-sdk pre-commit, now when a yml file is given as input the matching python file will be checked in the pre-commit as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **pre-commit** command, now correctly gathers the associated python file when a yml file is provided as input.
```
